Point to Azure Spring Cloud documentation from Spring Monitor (#37810)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/spring/spring-cloud-azure-starter-monitor/README.md

```
[//]: # ({x-version-update-end})

> #### Azure Spring Cloud set-up

Reviewer: how about "Spring Boot 3 Support"?

> You have to apply the Azure Spring Cloud set-up described [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/spring/README.md#spring-aot-and-spring-native-images) for Spring native images.

Reviewer 2: I think calling it "Spring Cloud" is potentially confusing

Author: "Spring Cloud Azure set-up"?

https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/spring/README.md#spring-aot-and-spring-native-images

![image](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/assets/14811066/865c251f-24c2-43c3-b834-75095078d2ee)

Author: I have changed for `Spring Cloud Azure set-up`

Reviewer 2: my worry is that someone might think "I'm not using "Spring Cloud Azure" and skip over this section.

how about `Required native image build configuration` or something like that?

Author: > Required native image build configurati

Done

> You have to apply the Azure Spring Cloud set-up described [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/spring/README.md#spring-aot-and-spring-native-images) for Spring native images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Instruction](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/blob/main/sdk/spring/README.md#spring-aot-and-spring-native-images) for Spring native images.
```

> #### OpenTelemetry version set-up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### OpenTelemetry version adjustment
```
